Update to v8 13.7 (#4169)
cloudflare/workerd: README.md

* Bazel
  * If you use [Bazelisk](https://github.com/bazelbuild/bazelisk) (recommended), it will automatically download and use the right version of Bazel for building workerd.
* On Linux:
  * We use the clang/LLVM toolchain to build workerd and support version 19 and higher. Earlier versions of clang may still work, but are not officially supported.
  * Clang 19+ (e.g. package `clang-19` on Debian Bookworm). If clang is installed as `clang-<version>` please create a symlink to it in your PATH named `clang`, or use `--action_env=CC=clang-<version>` on `bazel` command lines to specify the compiler name.

  * libc++ 19+ (e.g. packages `libc++-19-dev` and `libc++abi-19-dev`)
  * LLD 19+ (e.g. package `lld-19`).
  * `python3`, `python3-distutils`, and `tcl8.6`
* On macOS:

>   * Xcode 16 installation (available on macOS 14 and higher). Building with just the Xcode Command Line Tools is not being tested, but should work too.

Reviewer: To be extra pedantic:
```suggestion
  * Xcode 16.3 installation (available on macOS 15 and higher). Building with just the Xcode Command Line Tools is not being tested, but should work too.
```
